[Fixed] - Add Dockerfiles for Linux .NET Composite Images (#4594)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: eng/readme-templates/Use.aspnet.md

After the application starts, navigate to `http://localhost:8000` in your web browser.

See [Hosting ASP.NET Core Images with Docker over HTTPS](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/main/samples/host-aspnetcore-https.md) to use HTTPS with this image.

> {{ARGS["top-header"]}}# Composite images containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ARGS["top-header"]}}# Composite container images
```

> Starting from .NET 8, a composite version of the ASP.NET images is being offered alongside the regular image. The main characteristics of these images are their smaller size on disk while keeping the performance of the default R2R setting. The caveat is that the composite images have tighter version coupling. This means the final app run on them cannot use handpicked custom versions of the framework and/or ASP.NET assemblies that are in-built into the composite binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from .NET 8, a composite version of the ASP.NET images is being offered alongside the regular image. The main characteristics of these images are their smaller size on disk while keeping the performance of the default [ReadyToRun (R2R) setting](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/deploying/ready-to-run). The caveat is that the composite images have tighter version coupling. This means the final app run on them cannot use handpicked custom versions of the framework and/or ASP.NET assemblies that are built into the composite binary.
```
